hey have you seen that new Drake video
where he goes around and gives money
away God's plan it's very popular it has
like 36 million views in the last 5 days
and it has inspired a lot of people
including our own Guillermo right here
that's right Jimmy Guillermo was
inspired so he decided to make his own
music video where he gives out money not
as much money right not just a little
bit
Drake gave away a million dollars but
it's not the amount that matters it's
the thought that I think counts the most
[Music]
hi everybody listen today is your lucky
day I'm gonna buy you one thing and only
one thing for only 99 cents okay so
forget about the pineapples it has to be
99 cents okay you're welcome
[Music]
God's plan God's plan you might go down
a GOG I go hard on Southside G right I
made sure that no side
[Music]
it's a lot of bad things that they wish
I know bad things is a lot of bad day
yeah
hey I say no pineapple she said do you
love me I tell her only partly I only
love my bed and my mom I'm sorry
[Music]
[Applause]
God's plan I can't do this on my own
[Music]
I've been Mises call it bro hey hey
might go down is GOG
I'll make sure that no sigh eat
bad things it's a lot of bad things that
they wish and wish anyways anyway
anyways and I mean
here with this it's for you
it'd be great if you cryin you will take
me
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape